Proactive threat hunting pack latest (#28853)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/5_0_8.md

#### Playbooks

##### New: Cortex XDR - Search and Compare Process Executions - XQL Engine

> - New: This playbook is a generic playbook that receives process name and command-line argument, and uses "Cortex XDR - XQL Engine" integration to search for the given process executions and compare the command-line argument from the results to the command-line argument received from the playbook input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: This playbook is a generic playbook that receives a process name and a command-line argument. It uses the "Cortex XDR - XQL Engine" integration to search for the given process executions and compares the command-line argument from the results to the command-line argument received from the playbook input.
```

> Notice - under the input "Processes", the playbook should receive an array that contains the following keys:
> - value: *process name*
> -commands: *command-line arguments* (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Under the "Processes" input  the playbook should receive an array that contains the following keys:
- value: *process name*
- commands: *command-line arguments* (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).
```

##### New: Cortex XDR - Search and Compare Process Executions - XDR Alerts

> - New: This playbook is a generic playbook that receives process name and command-line argument, and uses "Cortex XDR IR" integration to search for the given process executions inside XDR alerts and compare the command-line argument from the results to the command-line argument received from the playbook input.
> 
> Notice - under the input "Processes", the playbook should receive an array that contains the following keys:
> -value: *process name*
> -commands: *command-line arguments* (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: This playbook is a generic playbook that receives a process name and a command-line argument. It uses the "Cortex XDR IR" integration to search for the given process executions inside XDR alerts and compares the command-line argument from the results to the command-line argument received from the playbook input.

Note: Under the "Processes" input  the playbook should receive an array that contains the following keys:
- value: *process name*
- commands: *command-line arguments* (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).
```

##### New: Cortex XDR - Search And Block Software - XQL Engine

> - New: This playbook will search a  file or process activity of a software by a given image file name using Cortex XDR XQL Engine. The analyst can than choose the files he wishes to block. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: This playbook will search a  file or process activity of a software by a given image file name using Cortex XDR XQL Engine. The analyst can then choose the files to block. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.9.0).
```
